# AAAAT  
## AgentAgnostic Auto Application Tracker

Is a handy local tool to track and easy access of candidatures and applications managed by LLM Agents or humans of any kind.


## Data structure

 \* Might be generated by an LLM from raw content.
 
 \*\* Optional, multiobject field could work by pointers to the actual artifacts or text blobs.
 
 \*\*\* Pointer to generated artifact through scripts+LLM processes.
 
### Candidature:

  Is the main logic class, it stores all the candidature related information, pending tasks in queue for agents and user assigned todos to show in the dashboard home.
 
- Candidature ID
- Raw pasted job offer text
- Description*
- Company*
- CompanyResearch**
- Role*
- Salary expectance*
- publication date*
- application date
- RAW pasted application form
- application form responses**
- CV sent***
- Cover Letter***
- strenghts*
- to avoid*
- questions to do*
- Tech Stack*
- state: Draft, Sent, precandidate, meeting, closed
- spitch*
- keywords*
- valoration /100
- related ToDo\*\* : ToDos are just cards listed in a dedicated section of landing view dashboard where user can just pin a ToDo related to a candidature
	- ToDo ID
	- ToDo Title
	- ToDo Body (editable)
	- ToDo State
- Notes[]
### Tasks:
Tasks get queued to agent attention when accessing to the AAAAT. They point to dedicated instructions/endpoints/whatever standard we use so that the agent knows how to execute that task.
- Task ID
- Task type
- Task instructions
- Task State

### Keywords: 
Are just some words that get assigned a definition. Everytime this word is rendered in the dashboard content it allows to be selected and retrieve the stored information about this Keyword, both, static definition + user notes. The system itself would detect the meaningful keyword candidates when parsing raw inputs or candidatures in general. Keywords are global. A user could ask (through a queued task) for Keyword autodefinition, or introduce itself a keyword definition or edit an existing

- Keyword literal used as ID, must be unique
- other addmited forms or names (for example LLM = Language Models)[]
- definition
- Notes


## UI

The UI is mostly a dynamic dashboard. It does not have a distinct page or input view, it is more like single window dashboard app. That dashboard can manage different views, use as example SalesForce panel view. The views might be editable and modular. We might valorate the use of a library or framework if it worth the dependency, is under opensource principles, secure and lightweight. 

### DashboardState: 

- welcomeView: Shows current day, todos, acces to check current pending tasks, last candidatures or more important brief resume and useful onesight resumes and links to access, next meetings or notes saved.. 

- smartView: Dynamic accessible and clear mode to easily navigate through candidatures and its information without clutter, for the use case to help in an unexpected call interview to quickly:

	1. identify wich candidature corresponds to the caller
	
	1. Once identified expand view into candidature selected attributes to easily see on one side the offer description (with the keywords selectable and definitions open in a bottom or side panel) and in the other hand the system suggestions, questions to answer, all the useful information, but easily expandable and navigable to be logically guided during panic at the phone and gather all the valuable information anyhow.
	
	1. Allows annotations, generate tasks or register a meeting date.
	
- detailedView: Complete all fields accesible and shown, could be read but also edited, so editions shouldnt be a form but a edit button next to the field. Generative fields like the CV would generate a task for the next agent instead of actually updating that field and the user will be informed.

- userView: Starts as detailedView, is a copy to user edit without losing the detailed view, anyway all views are editable.

### New Candidature Input:

For the new candidature input we won't dedicate a view but a panel/popup expandable with a form. It will offer the raw input modes and the other fields that could be typped by the usuari but letting them optional to be infered by LLMs. A new candidature always will trigger its own specific tasks to queue. So the tasks it could trigger:

- inference fields generation: reviews existing fields and generates missing generative fields from the existing ones.
- if the company is not in the system it will queue a company research task with low priority.
- if during the fields scan actively detects the need for new keywords it will queue a keyword definition task. 
- the form will expand dinamically depending in selected options like:
	- generate a dedicated CV? 
		- Yes: Offers the option to edit all CV fields and to be sent as it is to the LaTeX filler function and compiled. Or to send the fields contents as prompts to each section to the LLM agent that would generate it through a queued task. So in that second option the form content are to construct the task prompt.
	- generate a dedicated Cover Letter?
		- Yes: Offers the option to edit all Cover Letter fields and to be sent as it is to the LaTeX filler function and compiled, the file is generated at the moment. Or to send the fields contents as prompts to each section to the LLM agent that would generate it through a queued task. So in that second option the form content are to construct the task prompt. If left empty, the LLM decide what to include.
	- generate the form responses?
		- Yes: Require a raw text paste that triggers a specific task to extract exact questions from raw format and suggest best responses 
	- If one of those options is not generated at that moment it could be also selectable from the dashboard when the candidature is in detailed view

### Document Generators:

They are a LaTeX template filled programatically with the dedicated data. A function converts stored data into the latex file to compile (or directly filled through latex compile? use the most basic latex config that is pdflatex). The user sensible data would be managed through global environment variables that will be replaced only in the latest local step posible, for LLM related jobs it would be always a variable or anonymized holder. That privacy layer is applied at the db level too, so the db do not store the real value but the variable/spaceholder. Only in final artifacts and dashboard render will show the actual variable value. 

## User data 

To create the CV valorate the offers, offer job market prospections etc... we need to know wome user data, specially those setted on the CV. Not all this data is private so the role or past experience could be used in searches for reports or similar, in those case we anonimize where possible. That private/public classification of data should be transparent and editable, so we need to add a similar expandable section like candidature input but for user profile and CV data. CV in the future would add the option to be addapted for different type of candiodatures offering the agents the option to chose when generating a dedicated CV through LaTeX template filling.
